DOC-2567 DB Console proxy to any node (#14435)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/ui-debug-pages.md

On the right-side of the page, the following information is displayed:

- [**License type**](licensing-faqs.html): Determines if you have access to Enterprise features.

> - **Web server**: Indicates the current node to which DB Console access is being routed, and allows you to select a different node to route DB Console access to. To cancel routing to a different node, click **Reset**. You may also specify this directly in the URL with the `remote_node_id` parameter, e.g., `http://<host>:<http-port>/?remote_node_id=2` to select node `2`. The node selected here is also set as the target node for the **Profiling UI** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Web server**: Indicates the node currently targeted by DB Console requests, and allows you to select a different target node. To cancel the change after selecting a new node, click **Reset**. You may also specify this directly in the URL with the `remote_node_id` parameter, e.g., `http://<host>:<http-port>/?remote_node_id=2` to select node `2`. The node selected here is also set as the target node for the **Profiling UI** section.
```
